Update README.md (#120)
cronofy/cronofy-php: README.md

```php
$cronofy = new Cronofy\Cronofy([
  "client_id" => "CRONOFY_CLIENT_ID",
  "client_secret" => "CRONOFY_CLIENT_SECRET"
]);

$params = [
  'redirect_uri' => $redirect_uri,
  'code' => $code
];

$result = $cronofy->requestToken($params);

// Retrieve credentials value
$accessToken = $cronofy->accessToken;
$refreshToken = $cronofy->refreshToken;
$expiresIn = $cronofy->expiresIn;
```

You should save the response's `AccessToken` and `RefreshToken` for later use.

Note that the **exact same** redirect URI must be passed to both methods for
access to be granted.

> `$result` will be `true` for success response. Otherwise, it will be an error code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$result` will be `true` for a successful request; otherwise, it will be an error code.
```

> Please reference [here](https://docs.cronofy.com/developers/api/authorization/request-authorization/#param-error) for possible error code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please reference [our documentation](https://docs.cronofy.com/developers/api/authorization/request-authorization/#param-error) for possible error code.
```
